{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
## Directory Structure\
\
commented_code.R - Gibbs sampling code for model fitting. It loads in several rds files. In this Gibbs sampling, we assume a few simplifications relative to the model presented in White et al. (2021). Specifically, bandwidths for eta(s,t), beta(t), and gamma(t) are fixed. \
\
envr.rds - Design matrix with centered and scaled environmental predictors\
\
genus_idx.rds - file that gives a numeric index for each  for the following genera:\
\
Amphiglossa   \
Arctotheca    \
Arctotis \
Athanasia     \
Berkheya      \
Brachylaena   \
Chrysocoma    \
Corymbium     \
Cotula        \
Didelta       \
Dimorphotheca \
Elytropappus \
Eriocephalus  \
Euryops       \
Felicia       \
Foveolina    \
 Gazania       \
Gorteria      \
Gymnodiscus   \
Haplocarpha   \
Helichrysum   \
Hirpicium     \
Ifloga        \
Lachnospermum\
Leysera       \
Lidbeckia     \
Oedera        \
Osteospermum  \
Othonna       \
Pentzia       \
Printzia      \
Pteronia      \
Relhania      \
Rosenia      \
Senecio       \
Stoebe\
Syncarpha     \
Ursinia \
\
loc_idx.rds - numerical location index for each reflectance spectrum. Number refers to row in the matrix in locs.rds\
\
locs.rds - location in eastings and northing (km)\
\
reflectances.rds - matrix of log-reflectances.\
\
v_genus.rds - posterior mean of bandwidths for reflectance random effect (gamma). These are fixed for simplicity. }